BUG: Return a copy from single-table vstack (#20097)
astropy/astropy: docs/changes/table/20097.bugfix.rst

Fixed ``vstack`` returning the input table itself when given a single table.

> It now returns a copy, consistent with its documented new-table behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue where ``vstack`` was returning the input table itself when given 
a single table. It now returns a copy of that table, consistent with the documented 
behavior of always returning a new table.
```
